Hey everyone, my name is Cecil from the PositSupport team and I'm here with Jay, who's a colleague
also on the PositSupport team, and we're going to walk through the Trusted Certificate Store
on your server.
So the Trusted Certificate Store is a list of all the pre-trusted SSL certificates that
are trusted by your Linux distribution, and having your SSL certificate chain within this
store is important so that you don't run into any SSL trust issues.
So in our case, we're using Ubuntu 24.
If you're using Red Hat or any other Linux Ubuntu distribution that isn't Ubuntu 24,
the directories may be slightly different.
It's all mentioned in our support article, but for today's demo with Ubuntu 24, this
is in the user local share directory.
So what we want to do is copy our SSL certificate only to the user local share directory.
You can paste that there.
Once copied across, we can run the update CA certificates command.
So depending on if you already have your SSL certificate in the Trusted Store or not, in
our case, we've already had this added, so you'll see zero added, but if you're adding
your certificate for the first time to the Trusted Store, then you'll see one added,
potentially more, depending on how your SSL certificates are managed.
Now that we've done that, that should resolve any of the SSL trust issues that we see.